hi I'm Ben for nvidia and we're here at
the eurogamer expo 2011 in London I'm
here with a man that I'm sure needs no
introduction Carl from dice I call good
to see thank you good thank you for
having me good to be no problem at all
so the beetle launches next week and
what are you hoping to get out of it
really well I mean it's I know some
people are complaining it's coming in a
bit late but I mean it is still very
very important for us first and foremost
I would like to say that the beta is
just the you know the first test that we
do now or it sort of first the first
test of the actual client software the
feedback that we get in from the
community can really help us fix
critical bugs that we need to fix now in
the last weeks before ship but more
importantly I mean the launch of the the
actual game battlefield 3 is just the
start of something we're going to take
care of this property for a long period
of time so anything that crops up now
during the beta we can then work with
doing the updates and everything else
coming out and we're sorry and we need
to start doing this now because it takes
the time to do that so the quicker we
can get this feedback before the launch
the better for us ok I'm in particular
about the technology behind the game
what really has the extra power that
obviously you have now the latest
graphics cards really enabled you to do
that you perhaps weren't able to do with
back till two or a few years ago I mean
naturally the the visuals are so much
better now when it comes to it and in
combination we now have the new version
of our engine frostbite ooze coming in
really enables us to use all this power
from the from the graphic cards and the
hardware and the pc system makes us you
know the game so much bigger better
faster in many different ways it also
feels good to be really good back on pc
for real now you know we're bringing
back jets we have 64 players really push
the pc as a main platform especially in
the beginning of the order development
America 3 so hopefully everyone will you
know start building their rigs at home
and really big build something that can
utilize all the and utilize the the
visual quality and the game yeah we've
searched been spoken to a lot of people
here today at the show who have been
this super impressed what they've seen
just from the boat that we have here
obviously and they're all excited about
upgrading their eggs it must be great
for you to get
proper fan reaction it shows that this
as well it's awesome I mean hearing back
from the community that they actually
like what they see you know some people
are really into the visual some people
are completely snowed in when it comes
to audio some people are just more about
the game played set up but all the kind
of feedback that we get is is so
freaking cool and especially I chose
like this we don't just have journalists
and media with your super cool as well
but then having the actual you know
people the gamers the consumers are here
you're playing our games and that's it's
awesome thank you very much car so I
certainly can't wait Pat it for free
it's out very very soon the bait arrives
next week stay tuned to UK geforce calm
for more information